New resource: `data azurerm_locations` (#23324)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/locations.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Base"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_locations"
description: |-

>   This data source return the available Locations for a specific Azure Region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get information of a specific location.
```

---

# Data Source: azurerm_ocations

> This data source return the available Locations for a specific Azure Region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to access information of a specific location.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_locations" "example" {
  location = "West Europe"

>   filter {

Reviewer: `filter` should be removed ?

    exclude_zone_ids = ["1"]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `location` - (Required) The Azure location to retrieve the Extended Locations for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists.
```

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of Location within this Subscription.

> * `region_type` - The available region type `Physical`, `Logical`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region_type` - The available region type. Possible values are `Physical` and `Logical`.
```

* `display_name` - The display name of the location.

* `zone_ids` - The logical zone id's for the availability zone

* `zone_names` - The fully qualified physical zone name of availability zone

> * `zone_mappings` - The available zone mappings for the region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zone_mappings` - A `zone_mappings` block as defined below.
```

* `filter` - (Optional) Filter

---

> The `zone_mappings` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `zone_mappings` block exports the following:
```
